What is mitochondria?
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
What is the boiling point of water?
The boiling point of water is 100 degree Celcius.
Describe the concept of Parallel Universe.
The theory of parallel universe states that there exists more than one universe on the exact same universe we live in. The distance between multiple universe is less than the radius of an atom. Although we can't experience other universe because they are in different dimension. Dream and Dejavu is the indication for existance of parallel universe.
Describe the concept of string theory.
According to string theory, the samllest unit of our universe is the higher dimensional string vibrating at unique frequencies giving them unique physical property.
What is solar system?
Solar system is the family of 8 planets with a star called Sun in the centre. Earth is the only planet in the solar system with existance of life.
Explain Black Hole.
Black hole is the highly dense object compressed by its own gravity. Black hole is born when a huge star dies. The neuclear energey is dominated by gravitational force and hence the dead start is crunched by its own gravity into a tiny hot dense singularity. The gravity of a black hole is so strong that not even light can escape from it once entered.
Describe what would happen if you were thrown into black hole?
There is no any concrete proof of what would excatly happen if anyone were thrown into black hole. But according to theories and scientific data, the time slows down as the person reaches closer to black hole. That means 1 second for that person would be more than an hour for people in Earth. As we know even light is affected by blackhole gravity. So, the person would appear red as the frequency of light is red shifted due to higher acceleration of person towards blackhole. The gravity is extremely strong. So, there is a huge difference is gravitational force even when two objects are nearly at same distance from blackhole separated from each other  by small fraction. Hence, the gravity experienced by head andfoot of the person would be different. The foot would experience more gravitational pull than the head of the person. In coclusion the person is streched like a jelly and dies instantly. Is the person the protected and alive somehow, then he could be able to reach out upto event horizon. Event horizon is a deadly border. Nothing can escape it once entered. When the person is around the event horizon, he would probably be able to see his back side infront of him. Not because of time dilation but because the light orbits around the blackhole in that region. So, the light striking his back side would orbit around the blackhole and come back to the person himself. If we remember the concept of time slowing down near black hole, now the person is at event horizon and at that region the time is extremely slow an dit almost becomes near to zero. Due to that 1 second for that person would be infinite seconds for people in Earth and hence, if someone views the person from Earth then the person would appear to freeze at event horizon as time is nearly zero for him. The slowing time would not be experiencd by the person since the person's brain also slows down with time and he would see everything in normal speed and time around him. Now if the person crosses the event horizon, then he would become the part of blackhole.
